Add the cache, tool, and misc API endpoints (#12)
advplyr/audiobookshelf-slate: source/includes/_tools.md

Parameter | Description
--------- | -----------
ID | The ID of the book library item.

### Response

Status | Meaning | Description
------ | ------- | -----------
200 | OK | Success
403 | Forbidden | The user is not allowed to access the library item, or an admin user is required to cancel an M4B encode task.
404 | Not Found | No library item with the given ID exists, or no M4B encode task is in-progress for the library item.

## Update a Library Item's Audio Files' Embedded Metadata

```shell
curl -X POST "https://abs.example.com/api/tools/item/li_bufnnmp4y5o2gbbxfm/embed-metadata?tone=1" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer exJhbGciOiJI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2Vyi5NDEyODc4fQ.ZraBFohS4Tg39NszY"
```

This endpoint updates a library item's audio files' embedded metadata.

### HTTP Request

`POST http://abs.example.com/api/tools/item/<ID>/embed-metadata`

### URL Parameters

Parameter | Description
--------- | -----------
ID | The ID of the library item.

### Optional Query Parameters

Parameter | Type | Description
--------- | ---- | -----------
`tone` | Binary | Whether to use the library item's tone metadata to update it. Otherwise, ffmpeg will be used. `0` for false, `1` for true.

> `forceEmbedChapters` | Binary | Whether to forcefully embed a book's chapters into the audio file metadata. `0` for false, `1` for true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`forceEmbedChapters` | Binary | Chapters are not embedded in multi-track audiobooks by default. Enable this setting to embed chapters in every audio file. `0` for false, `1` for true.
```
